BADGERS-245: [BREAKING] Remove windowType metadata (#364)
bbc/bigscreen-player: docs/tutorials/01-playback-strategies.md

- `nativestrategy`
- `basicstrategy`

> Your app should write this globally to the window before initialising Bigscreen Player. This enables only the required media player code to be loaded. For example, if MSE playback is not needed, the _dashjs_ library does not have to be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app should write this to the global window object before initialising Bigscreen Player. This enables only the required media player code to be loaded. For example, if MSE playback is not needed, the _dashjs_ library does not have to be loaded.
```

Not too bothered about this one, but it reads better to me :D
